[Music]
when Ethel ayah the mother of Ahaz ayah
saw that her son was dead she arose and
destroyed all the royal heirs but jaha
Shaba the daughter of King jodan sister
of Ahaz I took Jewish the son of Ahaz
Iyer and stole him away from among the
king's sons who were being murdered and
they hid him and his nurse in the
bedroom from Ethel ayah so that he was
not killed so he was hidden with her in
the house of the Lord for six years
while Ethel ayah reigned over the land
in the seventh year jehoiada sent and
brought the captains of hundreds of the
bodyguards and the escorts and brought
them into the house of the Lord to him
and he made a covenant with them and
took an oath from them in the house of
the Lord and showed them the king's son
and he commanded them this is what you
shall do one third of you who come on
duty on the Sabbath shall be keeping
watch over the king's house one third
shall be at the gate of sir and one
third at the gate behind the escorts you
shall keep the watch of the house lest
it be broken down the two contingents of
you who go off duty on the Sabbath shall
keep the watch of the house of the Lord
for the King but you shall surround the
King on all sides every man with his
weapons in his hand and whoever comes
within range
let him be put to death you are to be
with the King as he goes out and as he
comes in so the captains of the hundreds
did according to all the jehoiada the
priest commanded
each of them took his men who were to be
on duty on the Sabbath with those who
were going off duty on the Sabbath and
came to jehoiada the priest and the
priest gave the captains of hundreds the
spears and shields which had belonged to
King David that were in the temple of
the law then the escorts stood every man
with his weapons in his hand all around
the king from the right side of the
temple to the left side of the temple by
the altar and the house and he brought
out the king's son put the crown on him
and gave him the testimony they made him
King and anointed him and they clapped
their hands
now when Atalaya heard the noise of the
escorts and the people she came to the
people in the temple of the Lord and she
looked there was the King standing by a
pillar according to customs and the
leaders and the trumpeters were by the
kingdom all the people of the land were
rejoicing and blowing trumpets
so Ethel I tore her clothes and cried
out freezin treason and jehoiada the
priest commanded the captains of the
hundreds the officers of the army take
her outside under God and slay with the
sword whoever follows her for the
priests have said do not let her be
killed in the house of the Lord
so they seized her and she went by way
of the horses entrance into the king's
house and there she was killed then
jehoiada made a covenant between the
Lord the king and the people that they
should be the Lord's people and also
between the king and the people and all
the people of the land went to the
temple of bail and tore it down they
thoroughly broke in pieces its altars
and images and killed natin the priests
of bail before the altars and the
priests appointed officers over the
house of the Lord
then he took the captains of hundreds
the bodyguards the escorts and all the
people of the land and they brought the
king down from the house of the Lord and
went by way of the gate of the escorts
to the king's house then he sat on the
throne of the Kings so all the people of
the land rejoiced and the city was quiet
for they had slain Etha liar with the
sword in the king's house joash was
seven years old when he became king
[Music]